>> Zac: So now we have authentication
basically up and running.
I'm going to run through the saving
with you together, so that we've really
hit a solid point of covering everything
that really wanted to cover today.
And then you can go into editing and
deleting on your own if you want to, and
explore that, okay?
So we're gonna power through a little bit
more and work on this savings set up.
We will exit out of this
demo that we just did and
move into 6.4, so
let me just get over there in my command
line.
>> Zac: I'm
gonna run npm install.
>> Zac: And
the one thing we wanna check for
in this case,
is that we have this TinyMCE
folder inside of our distribution.
If we look inside of our index.html,
because we're going to be
working with the TinyMCE editor.
We have a hard coded link to it.
So you could use ES6 or modules and
imports and run them that way.
I found it was easiest to just
leave it separate then pull it in.
And like I said, you could easily
swap this out for other editors,
TinyMCE is not by means the only one
out there or the latest weight one.
So you can do some exploration, but
because it does have some complexities.
I figured it was a good example to get
comfortable with and it's pretty powerful.
So let's take a look at our ReadMe
while everything is downloading.
So we actually already did the safe form,
it looks like my instructions
were a little awful.
I'll make sure this gets updated
as soon as we're done here.
All right, cuz we already have all that.
>> Male: That,
I think we need to keep still.
>> Zac: We do need to keep some,
we do need that,
because we have new stuff there.
Okay, so that is correct,
we do need to have that.
My npm is installed, I'll run npm
start just to get it up and running.
And so let's come back into authentication
and see what we have waiting for us.
So under my source authentication,
notice that
the first thing at top of
the screen is going to be save, so
if we look in our file structure we
now have this file called, Save.js and
notice that everything now is
running as default classes.
So we could just pull that in.
>> Zac: All this is already set up.
Now, when we log in,
we wanna do a few more things.
We also wanna take our new post form, and
if we come into our configuration file,
again, it's gonna keep getting
bigger the further we go.
We now have A loginForm, a logoutForm, but
we also have a newPostForm that just
has a class of addPostForm, and
that's actually gonna be what houses
our TinyMCE editor and everything.
So by default it's hidden, so
we wanna remove that hidden
class once they're logged in.
The other thing we have and this is one of
the reasons I want to show you TinyMCE.
Is because it has a bunch
of configurations.
So you could set styling, so if you want
the background and padding to be a certain
way, what plugins are set up, so
you can control what buttons are there?
Whether you have a menu bar.
I'm sorry, and this is the buttons.
So paragraph, header, element bold link.
And you can put blocks between them.
So this is a nice feature that you
could customize it all in this way.
And I stored it here cuz again we don't
want this being buried somewhere deep in
our app and then possibly duplicated and
needing to revise these settings.
So just throwing them in a config
is a good place for that.
And we can change this to
config.tinymceSettings.
So once we're logged in, not only will we
take care of the login logout form, but
we'll also take care of
displaying our post form and
our TinyMCE editor initializing that.
When you log out, you wanna go ahead and
get rid or hide the new post form,
but we don't need to do anything with
TinyMCE cuz it's already set up.
And even if they tried
to go into the dom and
change the class and then make
that form available and hit save,
because there's no cookie authentication
there, it won't work anyways.
So our app is not entirely
insecure just because
we have stuff hidden as opposed
to remove from the page.
But ultimately,
when you're building in this kind of way,
you probably do want to be removing doms
and not just hiding and showing things.
We're kind of making it easy
on ourself at this point.
So all of that is good.
The only other thing we
have in here is there is,
>> Zac: Where are we calling this?
>> Zac: When you log.
>> Zac: Okay, when you logout of the site,
we want to,
although this should probably be on login.
>> Zac: Okay, so what we're saying here.
We'll keep going.
If we have an error,
we'll come back to it.
But we're setting up our Save button.
So our Save button.
When it's clicked,
it should run save.post.
And that will take all of
our form data and save it.
And that Save button is.
I don't know if this is gonna work out,
let's see.
The save button, okay?
So when we click save,
it should gather up all this content and
load it, I'm sorry and save it.
So now I think we have to go
into our save.js file and
look at what's happening there.
>> Zac: So we'll open up our save.js.
Start at the top,
we'll need to get axios because we want
to make sure that we could run a call,
and we need to get our cookies because
our token is stored in the cookie.
So we need to pull it out of
the cookie in order to save anything.
So we come down.
We make our post up.
And the way we're getting this,
we're gonna make our post by
grabbing this value and this value.
This is the exact same thing we did
last time around when saving the post.
So not too different, the TinyMCE editor.
>> Zac: And
now we'll come down here, we actually save
the post, so we'll change that to post.
The URL is going to be
just going to posts and
the data is going to be this post
object that we just set up right here.
So this is what we're passing.
And the nice thing about passing this in,
it will just save it.
And now we need to set up our headers.
Remember when we requested the token for
authentication, we had to
format our headers differently.
We had to say, hey this is URL or
this is form encoded data.
When we're passing in JSON, of course
we want to tell it, hey, we're about to
give you JSON, because if we give it some
unexpected file type, it won't work.
And then this is specific
to the JW tokens.
It's going to take authorization
header with bearer and then the token.
So remember this is the token
that we got from our cookie.
COOKIE_ID needs to be changed or
that won't work.
So right here we're saying,
get the name of our cookie,
grab the value of the token, and
then pass that token in here.
So folks, this is the heart
of JWT authentication when
you're pushing in WordPress.
So you need to have the content
type set to application/json, and
you need to have authorization,
bearer, a space, and then the token.
So very specific syntax.
And if you ever need to save data
outside of WordPress on your own,
just copy the same format and
it should work for you.
And then we're basically going to
load a message that says, save,
clear the form, and then reload,
refresh the posts on the page.
So let's check our ReadMe and
make sure that that's all we got.
Yeah, looks good.
Come back to our site.
Let's test it.
>> Zac: Fingers crossed,
and we have an error.
I mean, JavaScript shouldn't always
work on the first try, right?
Let's see what we've got here.
Server responded with a bad request.
So that means that
>> Zac: Something
about that request was not right,
let's plug it in.
>> Zac: Well,
wpj is on.
>> Zac: Okay, if we go there,
that's right.
So the 400 error is telling us
that something we sent over
is not completely correct and
that's what's giving us the error.
And we could see potentially something
is happening on line 75, which is just
throwing us, is that in save, yeah.
>> Male: This is the status on the post.
I don't know if that's important or not.
>> Zac: That
might be totally important, let's see.
>> Zac: There we go, that was it.
So brilliant on that.
What that was saying is not
that it couldn't reach it,
or not that it didn't exist.
If you don't know http response codes,
they are definitely worth looking up,
because that will give you a lot
of insight into exactly what is,
this is the jam right here,
I love this site.
>> Zac: All right,
so if something is created,
it will give us a 201 back, if it's okay,
it's 200, a bad request,
403 is forbidden, 401 is unauthorized.
So if we had had something that
wasn't authorized for us or
if it wasn't found, if we got a 404 that
would mean the URL was probably wrong.
If we've got unauthorized,
that means something with our
cookie might have been wrong.
If we got a 400, that's telling us,
hey, you made a bad request.
Which as you pointed out,
was exactly correct.
Our request was formatted incorrectly and
WordPress is like, I don't know
what the heck all caps status is.
That's not published.
That's not.
Edit pending,
would be some possible options.
And I think if you leave this off
completely, it defaults to draft, so
it won't publish it.
So that's why we're hard coding and
saying publish it,
otherwise in WordPress it has a draft
mode and you wouldn't see it on the site.
So we have saving done on our site and
let's just take a look around
again at what we have.
We click Logout.
And the user stuff appears,
that stuff is behind the scenes.
And again I just want to show you
that if we were to come in to our
elements.
>> Zac: And
notice that this form
is still on the page.
[SOUND] Too big.
And if we remove hidden,
that's gonna pop it up again.
So what we do wanna check is
that this won't work, I hope.
Let's get our console ready.
And so we click save, again,
we're not logged in, right?
So we shouldn't have a cookie available
to us, there's no cookie here.
And so when we click save,
notice that now we're getting a 403 error,
which if we look back at
that site we were just at.
>> Zac: Notice that now it's forbidden.
So before it was telling us,
hey, you did something wrong.
You made a bad request.
Now it's telling us you are forbidden
from accessing this because
you don't have the correct credentials,
which is that token that we needed.